doc: Add device claiming security session note (#78)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/devices/device-claiming/_index.md

## How does it work?

After pre-provisioning a device, device makers register it on The Things Industries Join Server or on their Cloud cluster, generate a QR code for claiming and stick it to the device. When purchasing a device, new device owners scan this QR code to claim it to their application. [Learn how to claim a device]({{< ref "/devices/device-claiming" >}}).

> >**Note:** Device claiming does not transfer a security session for a device, it only transfers ownership. The new owner must enter new session keys for the device, or traffic from the device will go to the old owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Device claiming does not transfer a security session for a device, it only transfers ownership. The original LoRaWAN session is deleted. The device needs to join the network again for traffic to appear.
```
